[NEAT]
fitness_criterion = max
fitness_threshold = 1.0
pop_size = 20
reset_on_extinction = False

[DefaultGenome]
num_inputs = 4
num_hidden = 64
num_outputs = 2
initial_connection = partial_direct 0.5
feed_forward = True

# Compatibility coefficients
compatibility_disjoint_coefficient = 1.0
compatibility_weight_coefficient = 0.5

# Node activation options
activation_default = tanh
activation_options = tanh
activation_mutate_rate = 0.1
activation_replace_rate = 0.1

# Node aggregation options
aggregation_default = sum
aggregation_options = sum
aggregation_mutate_rate = 0.1
aggregation_replace_rate = 0.1

# Node add/remove rates
node_add_prob = 0.2
node_delete_prob = 0.1

# Connection add/remove rates
conn_add_prob = 0.3
conn_delete_prob = 0.1

# Node bias options
bias_init_mean = 0.0
bias_init_stdev = 1.0
bias_max_value = 30.0
bias_min_value = -30.0
bias_replace_rate = 0.1
bias_mutate_rate = 0.7
bias_mutate_power = 0.5

# Node response options
response_init_mean = 1.0
response_init_stdev = 0.0
response_max_value = 30.0
response_min_value = -30.0
response_replace_rate = 0.1
response_mutate_rate = 0.7
response_mutate_power = 0.5

# Node weight options
weight_init_mean = 0.0
weight_init_stdev = 1.0
weight_max_value = 30.0
weight_min_value = -30.0
weight_replace_rate = 0.1
weight_mutate_rate = 0.8
weight_mutate_power = 0.5

# Connection enable options
enabled_default = True
enabled_mutate_rate = 0.01

# Connection options
conn_enabled_default = True
conn_enabled_mutate_rate = 0.01

[DefaultSpeciesSet]
compatibility_threshold = 3.0

[DefaultStagnation]
species_fitness_func = max
max_stagnation = 20

[DefaultReproduction]
elitism = 2
survival_threshold = 0.2 